Eks pod identity (#1400)
fluent/fluent-bit-docs: administration/aws-credentials.md

Fetches credentials via a signed web identity token for a Kubernetes service account.
See https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/iam-roles-for-service-accounts.html.

## 4. EKS Pod Identities (HTTP Credentials)

> Fetches credentials via an agent that runs on the EKS node.
> See https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/pod-identities.html.

Reviewer: Our style would have us avoid words like "via" and to not use bare URLs.

```suggestion
Fetches credentials using an agent running on the EKS node. For more information, see
[EKS Pod Identities](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/pod-identities.html)
in the Amazon EKS User Guide.
```

Author: Would you like me to change the other linked entries to use the `For more information, see [type](link) in the Amazon <service> User Guide.` layout too? Given this page is currently not indexed, it's probably a good idea to get this page right before we add it

Reviewer: @iandrewt - Please. :)
